trek_emh.glb -- the Emergency Medical Hologram's figure.

Vendored so that regenerating the mod needs no network access, no Blender and
no third-party package. Re-running the pipeline below gives a *different*
figure, not the same one again, so this file is the raw and
tools/gen_emh.py is everything after it.

  model      fal-ai/trellis (Microsoft TRELLIS, image-to-3D), via the fal.ai
             FlowDot toolkit
  date       2026-09-24
  request    01a0d51f-b9fb-72e2-a2fc-17f21fb30d93
  seed       1701
  settings   texture_size 1024, ss_sampling_steps 20, slat_sampling_steps 20
  source     design/art/emh/emh_concept_raw.png, generated with the Gemini
             Image toolkit (gemini-2.5-flash-image)
  size       1254008 bytes, one mesh, one material, one embedded PNG diffuse

Second figure. The first (2026-09-20) was completely bald, in a teal
high collar with striped cuffs, and gen_emh.py painted him wholly blue; in
game he did not read as the classic EMH. This one is drawn to the character's
look -- balding with a dark fringe at the sides and back, black jumpsuit with
a squared teal yoke, grey ribbed undershirt collar, plain cuffs -- and is kept
in his own colours.

Of two generations, the first was thrown away: full head of hair, striped
cuffs, and a Starfleet delta on the badge despite the prompt. The concept
prompt of the one kept, in full:

  A full-length, front-on character reference sheet of an original fictional
  late-24th-century starship doctor, standing straight and still: feet
  slightly apart, both arms hanging straight down at the sides a little away
  from the body, hands relaxed, shoulders square to the camera, head level,
  looking directly forward. Entirely centred in frame, whole body from the top
  of the head to the soles of the boots, nothing cropped, generous empty
  margin above the head and below the feet.

  The figure is a man in his late forties of average, slightly solid build
  with a fair complexion and a longish face.

  HAIR, VERY IMPORTANT: he is MOSTLY BALD. The whole top of his head and his
  forehead up to the crown is bare, smooth, shiny skin - a very high receding
  hairline that starts far back on top of the skull. The ONLY hair is a short,
  neatly trimmed horseshoe of dark brown hair running around the sides of the
  head above the ears and across the back of the head. No hair at all on top.
  Think classic male-pattern baldness, 'Norwood 6'.

  Clean-shaven. Expression faintly impatient and superior: one eyebrow very
  slightly raised, lips pressed together, chin up a touch - a fussy,
  self-important physician. An original face, not a likeness of any real
  person or actor.

  Uniform: a close-fitting BLACK jumpsuit whose shoulders and upper chest are
  a squared-off TEAL blue-green yoke ending in a straight horizontal line
  across the upper chest; at the neck a round collar of a GREY ribbed
  undershirt shows above the black. Sleeves are PLAIN BLACK ALL THE WAY TO THE
  WRIST, WITH NO STRIPES, NO BANDS AND NO PIPING AT THE CUFFS. Plain black
  trousers and plain black boots. Matte fabric.

  BADGE, VERY IMPORTANT: on the left breast, just below the teal yoke, one
  small plain polished GOLD OVAL, smooth and COMPLETELY BLANK like a flat gold
  button. It has NO arrowhead, NO delta, NO triangle, NO chevron, NO emblem,
  NO engraving and NO symbol of any kind on it. No rank pins, no patches, no
  other insignia anywhere.

  Studio character-sheet lighting: flat, even, diffuse frontal light, no
  dramatic shadows, no rim light, no cast shadow. The background is a
  completely flat uniform light grey, entirely empty, no floor line, no
  gradient, no props.

  Clean photoreal 3D character render with a clear readable silhouette and
  crisp edges. One single subject only.

On the likeness: the figure follows the character's costume, hairline, build
and bearing; the face is deliberately an original one, not the actor's. The
badge stays a blank oval (gold now, as the era's badge was) -- no delta.

Licence: generated output from the author's own fal.ai and Google AI Studio
accounts, made for this mod. No third-party asset is redistributed.
